compiler: partially remove `codegenDecl` pragma (#748)
nim-works/nimskull: doc/manual.rst

CodegenDecl pragma
------------------

.. warning::
  This pragma is deprecated and going to be removed.

> The `codegenDecl` pragma can be used to directly influence Nim's JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `codegenDecl` pragma can be used to directly influence |Nimskull|'s JavaScript
```

not strictly necessary, just while it's being changed anyhow, quick win.
